Infosys is a global leader in consulting, technology outsourcing and next generation services. We enable clients, in more than 50 countries, to stay a step ahead of emerging business trends and outperform the competition. We help them transform and thrive in a changing world by co-creating breakthrough solutions that combine strategic insights and execution excellence.

Our award-winning Infosys Labs and it’s breakthrough intellectual property can be leveraged as a co-creation engine to accelerate innovation across the enterprise. Infosys pioneered the Global Delivery Model (GDM), based on the principle of taking work to the location where the best talent is available, where it makes the best economic sense, with the least amount of acceptable risk. Continued leadership around GDM enables Infosys to drive extraordinary efficiencies and free up clients’ resources for strategic transformation or innovation initiatives.

Infosys has a global footprint with 85 offices and 100 development centers in US, Canada, India, China, Australia, Japan, Middle East, UK, Germany, France and many other countries.

Building strategic long term client relationships is an important part of every project at Infosys. We see each project as a building block for a sustained customer relationship. A feature of our relationship model is “Residual Value Retention” – a crucial relationship building exercise. Every one of us working with a customer assimilates not only the application and technology knowledge but is also sensitized to the cultural values and business objectives of the customer.

Infosys has been certified at Level 5 under the Capability Maturity Model of the Software Engineering Institute (SEI). Guided by the vision of becoming a globally respected software corporation providing best-of-breed software solutions, leveraging technology, delivered by best-in-class people, Infosys has in less than 2 decades emerged as a leading player in the global software services market.  
